Good morning, Jacob. It's Sunday, March 29th, 2026. Let's get
into your daily briefing. Opening with weather. Jefferson City: 73
degrees and partly sunny today with just 2 percent chance
of rain. Tomorrow jumps to 87 and sunny. Missouri is
apparently apologizing for that 93-degree atrocity last week by giving
you a perfect Sunday. Over in Tacoma: 49 degrees with
light rain likely, 70 percent chance of precipitation. Classic Pacific
Northwest spring. Monday clears up to 50 and sunny. Your
calendar. Today is wide open except for a Read Scan
Reports block from 10 to 11 A-M on your work
calendar. Tomorrow, Ben arrives in Jeff City to help with
the carpet. Tuesday is payday and the carpet install runs
from 9 A-M to 2 P-M. Wednesday is a big
one: Q-2 starts, Apple turns 50, and Karen announces her
retirement at 11 A-M with hiring projects starting immediately after.
Thursday is your triple-header: the Anthropic pilot discussion at 9
A-M, Bill Review Training for Departments at 2 P-M, and
dinner with Alex, Chris, and Dustin at 6 P-M. Oh,
and Thursday is also the government's deadline to appeal the
Anthropic ruling. It's Katelyn's off day too. Plan accordingly. Now
to your text messages. Katelyn spent Saturday doing extreme cleaning
and yardwork, then headed to Trader Joe's. She apologized for
being less responsive. The big update: she bought something fun
at Ace Hardware, which appears to be a crow-feeding setup.
She sent photos. Jacob called it her first cult meeting
and joked that risotto's proximity might be counterproductive. Turkey vultures
were discussed. She asked where to put the feeder; Jacob
suggested the kitchen window. Jacob also told Katelyn about the
daily briefing system, the Reddit tool integration, and the auto-generated
podcast feed. He shared a Rivian article about them winning
a dealer law fight in Washington. And there was a
Haim-related YouTube short exchange. Ben's thread was mostly about the
Claude briefing system. Jacob told him quote, This morning I
had Claude create an audio version of a daily briefing
that reads my emails, texts, news, etc. And then it
also made a podcast feed. I feel like the world
is changing kinda fast, end quote. They also discussed settling
up on the dinner split, about 237 dollars. The group
chat with Dustin and Alex has been quiet since Friday
night. The no-parking-sign victory and the Crossley loss remain the
last topics. Alex shared The Verge's Apple 50th anniversary ranking
tool and discussed AirPods Max 2, considering them for Chris
since the purple matches their iPad Air. And your 618
Capitol contact sent a notable message Saturday: quote, I can't
believe we're losing budget, daddy, end quote. This is either
a term of endearment or a cry for help. Either
way, it's the first work-relevant text from this contact in
several briefings. Identify them at Thursday dinner. Moving to the
big stories. The Iran war enters Day 30 with a
massive escalation signal. The Washington Post reports the Pentagon is
preparing for weeks of ground operations in Iran, including raids
on Kharg Island, Iran's primary oil export terminal, and coastal
sites near the Strait of Hormuz. The 82nd Airborne Division
has been directed to deploy with several thousand troops. Up
to 10,000 additional combat troops are being considered. The White
House says no final decision has been made. Other Iran
developments: Russia took satellite images of the U-S airbase at
Prince Sultan in Saudi Arabia before Iran's attack that wounded
15-plus service members. Zelenskyy revealed this, and the intelligence-sharing implication
is damning. A key U-S Air Force E-3 AWACS early
warning aircraft was damaged in the Iranian attack. Only about
30 of these exist worldwide. The Guardian reports the U-S
has destroyed only about a third of Iran's missile arsenal
after 30 days of strikes. And 3,500 Marines arrived in
the region aboard the U-S-S Tripoli. Thousands protested across Israel
calling to end the war. Oil is at 112 dollars
and 57 cents a barrel for Brent crude, the highest
since July 2022. The D-H-S shutdown reaches Day 44 with
Congress on a two-week recess. Trump signed a presidential memorandum
to restart T-S-A pay, with paychecks expected as early as
Monday. The legal authority is contested, but the practical effect
is that 61,000-plus workers who missed three paychecks should see
money this week. No resolution to the shutdown is possible
before mid-April. Quick status board. The Anthropic versus Pentagon case:
Judge Lin's preliminary injunction holds. The government's appeal deadline is
Thursday, same day as your pilot discussion. The Anthropic Mythos
leak continues reverberating: a new model tier above Opus, cybersecurity
stocks dropped 7 percent, and Claude's paid subscribers have more
than doubled this year according to TechCrunch. Apple turns 50
on Wednesday with global retail celebrations already underway. Tim Cook
published a "50 Years of Thinking Different" letter. W-W-D-C is
June 8th, 71 days away. Tech and Apple roundup. Apple
is releasing two entirely new iPhone apps this year. More
U-S states plan to support digital driver's licenses in Apple
Wallet. The MacBook Neo with A-18 Pro chip is surprisingly
capable for gaming. The iPhone Air's C-1-X modem matches Qualcomm
on speed and wins on latency. Apple's A-I Playlist Playground
is still bad at music. Lockdown Mode remains undefeated, with
no iPhone ever successfully hacked while running it. And from
The Verge's Installer newsletter: Flighty is the must-have app for
navigating T-S-A chaos, there's a new Riz Ahmed James Bond
meta-show called Bait, and Notion 3.4 got some genuinely nice
non-A-I updates. From Reddit: the White House's official app is
tracking users' G-P-S location every 4.5 minutes via a third-party
server. The White House unveiled "Only Farms," a website for
farmers with a golden tractor on the South Lawn. In
Tacoma, No Kings protests happened at Point Defiance and Wright
Park, though one poster said the Wright Park event lacked
urgency. A Hyundai owner had their car broken into but
the steering wheel lock saved it, and a kind stranger
left a note on their windshield. Jobs update. The City
of Seattle Economics and Revenue Analyst is now on Day
12. It pays 118 to 177 thousand dollars. Apply this
week if you're going to. The Anthropic careers page confirms
all three watchlist roles are still posted: Analyst at the
Anthropic Institute, Communications Manager for Research, and Geopolitics Analyst. New
finds include three Solutions Architect roles for national security, government
technology, and federal civilian, all in D-C and New York.
And King County has a Deputy Division Director role at
173 to 219 thousand. Action items. Prep for the Anthropic
pilot meeting Thursday. Review the Claude pilot explainer note in
Apple Notes. Apply for the City of Seattle role this
week. Renew your GitHub token, which has been expired since
March 26th. Coordinate carpet logistics with Ben. And respond to
Katelyn about July time off, she's still waiting. Closing thoughts.
Today's briefing is brought to you by the Pentagon, which
is simultaneously preparing for a ground war in Iran, losing
AWACS planes, discovering Russia is providing satellite targeting data to
the enemy, and getting its plans leaked to the Washington
Post. A level of multitasking that makes this daily briefing
look like a grocery list. The White House named its
farmer outreach website "Only Farms," which means someone in a
federal building typed that into a domain registrar with a
straight face. Katelyn is building a crow-feeding station. Jacob called
it her first cult meeting. Befriending the crows of Tacoma
may be the most strategically sound decision anyone in this
briefing is making. At least the crows won't leak your
plans to the Washington Post. It's 73 degrees and gorgeous
in Jefferson City. Go outside. The crows will wait. Happy
Sunday.